###CAP 3

### Author: José Padilla <sopr@jpadilla.com>

###Created: 2013-06-14

###License: [Attribution 3.0 Unported](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/)

###Type: Petition

###Version 0.0.1


##Purpose: 

The purpose of this petition is to bring forward an idea to execute three needed tools for the community: directory of talent, startups, and available resources.

##Summary:

The SoPR community needs a directory/marketplace of programmers, designers, musicians, illustrators and all talent related to technology startups. This can serve as a starting point so that they can get "gigs" to generate money which they launch their products (bootstrapping). We also need a directory to showcase all of Puerto Rico's startups. It would also be good idea to have a directory of available resources such as: open source projects open for the community, community relevant datasets and APIs provided by government and private entities on the island.

##Main:

The main idea behind this is to both showcase local talent, projects, and startups, and as a tool to help people looking for the best freelancers in Puerto Rico. I think this can be worked as one single project with different stages. This will allow to have the tools under one place and avoid segmentation.

The directory/marketplace of talent the idea would be very similar to [Sortfolio](http://sortfolio.com/), but with various categories. Users will be able to showcase some work, about, contact information, etc.

The directory to showcase Puerto Rico's startups would be very similar to [AngelList](https://angel.co/). I think everyone will want to add their companies here. Do we let them or do we want to be strict about requirements? Something interesting that can be done to actually filter out traditional companies to startups is that at the end of creating your startup profile you need to find a number of users to vet for you. We could ask a couple of questions to each user vetting for a "startup" and gather some data about what people are thinking a startup is and isn't. This would probably have a approval process by a couple of people to actually flag a company as a startup.

Users would be able to contribute to the directory of available resources such as open source projects. I think here we would want a category, title, description, link and maybe a way to know how that user related to the project if in anyway, like creator, contributor, just sharing, etc. We need to figure out how to prevent this from becoming a trash of links.