###CAP 2

### Author: orangethirty <orangethirty@gmail.com>

###Created: 2013-5-29

###License: GNU WTFPL

###Type: Petition

###Version 0.0.1


##Purpose: 

The purpose of this petition is to bring forward an idea I had for online 
collaboration between members of the Startup community of Puerto Rico.

##Summary:

There have been attempts to establish a local startup co-op. For whatever
reason, to my knowledge, there has not been much success doing so. I
propose that we create an online co-op that would allow members to collaborate
from the comfort of their home/offices.

##Main:

Having a business office is one of the goals of some business people.
The reality of bootstrapped startups is that they must keep their costs
down. An office in Puerto Rico would quickly hinder their financials
and reduce their flexibility to adapt to market conditions.

There is a big benefit of collaborating with like-minded people. That
is one of the reasons tech hubs around the world focus on bringing creatives
into the area. Having a physical co-op would allow for that to happen locally.
But, we have not been able to establish one. In the meantime, we can still
get most of the benefits of the co-op by creating a cyber version.

I propoose that we create small co-op groups called 'offices.'
Each office would have a maximum of 5 startups as members. They would
meet and collaborate side-by-side every day using commonly available
communication tools.

This would allow people to help each other and learn as a group. From time to time, 
offices could shuffle their members in order to spread out the 
learning and collaboration.

The co-op would follow the following guidelines:


1. Dogfooding: We are our #1 users. This creates a feedback loop within ourselves.
2. Group blogging: We blog as a group to share our experiences and knowledge.
3. Cheerleading: We promote and back up any and all social media promotion from any group member.
4. Skill sharing: We share skills and help each other with issues we may face.
5. Brainstorming: We join heads in order to solve problems for the group and individuals.
6. Code sharing: We share code whithin each other.
7. API access: We allow each other access through APIs. 

As you can see, all of the efforts are driven to generate a feedback mechanism that would allow for quicker and better development of ideas.

I am currently forming the first group, and am open to inquiries. This is by no means a 
rigid proposal, but the seven guidelines should be considered as the founding spirit behind this and any other proposal.